{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Lato;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red34\green34\blue34;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22000}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard 
{\pntext\f2 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf2\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa160\sl252\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 1) \cf1\f1\lang1033 What are the five pillars of cloud computing?\f2\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\f0\lang9 The five pillars of cloud computing have are cost optimization which has is making use of a service which has low or relative cost, Reliability which is making sure that the service is trust worthy,Operational exellence which is how fast the service carries out its operations,High  performance which is how fast the service is and also has low latency and the last is security which is how secure the service provided is and its immuness to hacking.\par
2)\cf1\f1\lang1033 The difference between Public Cloud and Private Cloud?\par
Plubic cloud is a service provided by cloud providers which is accessible by everyone while Private cloud is a service provided by cloud providers and accessible by only participants of a particular organisation\par
3) Explain the concept of regions, availability zones and edge locations\par
-Regions are geographical representations of aws cloud providing infrastructures in an area\f2\par
\cf0\f0\lang9  -Availability zones are logical representations of aws data centers in an area or region which are seperated by about 100km from each other\par
-Edge locations are areas consisting of smaller data centers of aws cloud infrastructures which are provided around the world for costumers to pull their information without the rpoblem of high latency.\par
4)\cf1\f1\lang1033 What are the components of IAM?\f2\par
\cf0\f0\lang9 -users\par
-groups\par
-roles\par
-policies\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1 5)\cf1\f1\lang1033 What is cloud computing and what are the benefits (list 5 \endash  in short length)?\f2\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\f0\lang9 Cloud computing is the delivery of on-demand computing services to costumers with a pay-as-you-use basis over the internet.Its benefits are;\par
-You can go global within minutes\par
-There is an increase in speed and agiity i.e how fast you deploy your applications over the internet\par
-scalability;A company is able to make use of storage without having to guess what space they might need so the can either scale uo or scale down.\par
-The management of your information is done by the cloud providers in data centers\par
-There is flexibility meaning you can respond to your customers immideately.\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1 6) \cf1\f1\lang1033 What are the duties of a solutions architect and cloud engineer?\f2\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\f0\lang9 A cloud architect makes a design of the nessecary requirements of a service for a company  while a cloud engineer implements those designs\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1 7)\cf1\f1\lang1033 What are the Iam best practices?\f2\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\f0\lang9 -the constant renewal of password credentials\par
-the use of multifactor authentication\par
-Making use of groups to manage users\par
-The practice of principle of least priviledge which is " assigning just the right amount of permitions a user needs to carry out its functions"\par
-the use of iam users with admin privileges in other not to use the root user of the account\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1 8)\cf1\f1\lang1033 How Is authentication done on AWS\f2\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\f0\lang9 With the use of Access keys and Secret access keys and also the use of passwords\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1 9)\cf1\f1\lang1033 What are the types of IAM policies?\f2\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\f0\lang9 there are three types of iam policies;\par
-identity based policies\par
-resourse based policies\par
-security control policies\par
10)\cf1\f1\lang1033 What are the contents of an IAM policy?\par
-version\par
-name\par
-statement\par
-statement id\par
-effect\par
-principal\par
-resourse\par
-condition\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\cf0\f0\lang9 11)\cf1\f1\lang1033 Iam and s3 resources are all region-specific services. (True or false) \f2\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\f0\lang9 -true\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1 12)\cf1\f1\lang1033 What are the different types of encryptions on s3? Explain them and their sub ypes \f2\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\f0\lang9 There are two types;\par
-sever-side encryption\par
which is encryption done at the level of the bucket and has 3 types\par
a)sse-s3:which is done at the level of the bucket using master keysto encrypt your bucket\par
b)sse-kms_which is done using keys made using the kms service to create decipher keys\par
c)sse-c:where you upload your own keys to the bucket   \par
-client side encryption: where the client encrypts his data before uploading into the bucket\par
13)\cf1\f1\lang1033 Explain the concept of versioning\par
Versioning is a tool enabled such that when uploading newer versions of an object the older versions should not be deleted\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1 14)What happens when you delete a versioned object?\f2\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\f0\lang9 It sets a delete maker and does not delete\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1 15)\cf1\f1\lang1033 What are the different s3 classes? \f2\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\f0\lang9 -standard class (default)\par
-infrequent access\par
-one-zone infrequent access\par
-intelligence-tiering\par
-glacier\par
-deep glacier(archive)\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1 16)\cf1\f1\lang1033 How do you set expiration of objects in case you want them deleted or automatically moved from one class to another?\par
You make use of life cycle rules\par
17)What is cross region replication and transfer acceleration?\f2\par
Cross region replication is the cloning of objects in an s3 bucket from one aws region to another and Tranfer acceleration is the use of edge locations\par
18)\f1 A Solutions Architect is developing a document sharing application and needs a storage layer. The storage should provide automatic support for versioning so that users can easily roll back to a previous version or recover a deleted account.\f2\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\f1 Which AWS service will meet the above requirements\b ? (i underlined my answers)\ul\par
A.\cf0\b0\f2\line\cf1\ulnone\b\f1 Amazon S3\par
B.\cf0\b0\f2\line\cf1\b\f1 Amazon EBS\par
C.\cf0\b0\f2\line\cf1\b\f1 Amazon EFS\par
D.\cf0\b0\f2\line\cf1\b\f1 Amazon Storage Gateway VTL\par
\b0 19)A company is to run a service on AWS to provide offsite backups for images on laptops and phones.\par
The solution must support millions of customers with thousands of images per customer. Though the images will be retrieved infrequently, they must be available for retrieval immediately.\par
Which is the MOST cost efficient storage option that meets these requirements?\par
\b A.\cf0\b0\f2\line\cf1\b\f1 Amazon Glacier with Expedited retrievals\par
\ul B.\cf0\ulnone\b0\f2\line\cf1\b\f1 Amazon S3 Standard Infrequent Access\par
C.\cf0\b0\f2\line\cf1\b\f1 Amazon EFS\par
D.\cf0\b0\f2\line\cf1\b\f1 Amazon S3 Standard\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\b0 20)pplication reads and writes objects to an S3 bucket. When the application is fully deployed, the read/write traffic is very high.How should the architect maximize the Amazon S3 performance?\f2\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\b\f1          A.\cf0\b0\f2\line\cf1\b\f1 Use as many S3 prefixes as you need in parallel to achieve the required throughput.\par
B.\cf0\b0\f2\line\cf1\b\f1 Use the STANDARD_IA storage class.\par
C.\cf0\b0\f2\line\cf1\b\f1 Prefix each object name with a hex hash key along with the current data.\par
\ul D.\cf0\ulnone\b0\f2\line\cf1\b\f1 Enable versioning on the S3 bucket.\par
21)\b0   A Solutions Architect is designing a highly scalable system to track records. These records must remain available for immediate download for up to three months and then must be deleted.\cf0\f2\par
\cf1\f1 What is the most appropriate decision for this use case?\cf0\f2\par
\cf1\b\f1 A.\cf0\b0\f2\line\cf1\b\f1 Store the files in Amazon EBS and create a Lifecycle Policy to remove files after 3 months\cf0\b0\f2\par
\cf1\ul\b\f1 B.\cf0\ulnone\b0\f2\line\cf1\b\f1 Store the files in Amazon S3 and create a Lifecycle Policy to remove files after 3 months\cf0\b0\f2\par
\cf1\b\f1 C.\cf0\b0\f2\line\cf1\b\f1 Store the files in Amazon Glacier and create a Lifecycle Policy to remove files after 3 months\cf0\b0\f2\par
\cf1\b\f1 D.\cf0\b0\f2\line\cf1\b\f1 Store the files in Amazon EFS and create a Lifecycle Policy to remove files after 3 months\cf0\b0\f2\par
\cf1\b\f1\par
\par
\cf0\b0\f2\par
\cf1\b\f1\par
\cf0\b0\f0\lang9\par
}
 